In this video we're
going to cover steps four and five
of adding support for reactive forms,
and also defining a form in a component .ts file.
Now, to add support for reactive forms,
maker modifications are at app.module.ts file
And, we move down to the import section
and we add in reactive forms module. So,
this gives us a port for reactive forms in our project.
Now, in step five we are going to
define the form in the component.ts file
So, let's move over to checkout.component.ts
The first thing we'll do here
is we'll declare our form group.
We'll call it checkoutFormGroup
Remember, a form group is a collection
of form controls of form elements or other groups
Then, we'll inject our form builder, and we'll use it
to actually build our form.
Then, with our ngOnInit method,
we'll build the form. So, I'll say
this.checkoutFormGroup equals
this.formBuilder.group
So, we're creating a group.
We give the key. So, customer. Then this is
going to actually be a group in itself.
So, we're going to have a collection of groups here
So, this customer form group is going to have
fields for the customers first name, last name,
and e-mail address.
We'll set the initial value for these fields to empty.
So, this coding looks pretty good so far,
and now I'm going to make a minor update
to my styles.css
Let's just search for the string here, page-m.
So, there we go, you should find it .main-content.page-m
We're going to make a modification here,
we're going to change the actual padding just
so we can help the layout of our actual form.
So, just a cosmetic item here.
So, I give the padding values here 10%, 30%, 10%, 5%.
This relates to top, right, bottom, and left
padding. So, when you see the items
sequentially, that's the order or meaning
of those items. You can also add them
individually but, this is more of just a
shorthand css notation.